Can I use a VPN or VPS? | redacted_account Help Center Skip to main content Go to Website العربية Português do Brasil English Français Deutsch हिन्दी Italiano 日本語 fa-IR 简体中文 Español ภาษาไทย English Go to Website العربية Português do Brasil English Français Deutsch हिन्दी Italiano 日本語 fa-IR 简体中文 Español ภาษาไทย English Search for articles... All Collections Ongoing Offers and Updates Product Update: 12th January, 2026 Can I use a VPN or VPS? Can I use a VPN or VPS? April 7, 2026 Table of contents VPN Usage Policies Traders are permitted to use a VPN in the Challenge and redacted_account Accounts, but they must adhere to specific guidelines to maintain security and ensure optimal functionality: It is recommended to use a paid VPN service rather than relying on free options. Free VPNs often involve multiple users sharing the same IP address, which can pose security risks and create confusion regarding logging activities. ​ To maintain consistent tracking and security, it is advisable to select a specific IP within a specific country each time you connect to the VPN. Frequent switching between servers or countries can raise suspicions and potentially lead to security checks or account limitations. ​ Traders are strictly prohibited from utilizing VPNs with IP addresses from restricted countries. To view the list of restricted countries, please refer to the following Link . VPS Usage Policies Traders are allowed to use a VPS in both the Challenge and redacted_account accounts, with an additional usage fee to redacted_account . VPS usage fee is applicable for all packages. Traders should follow these guidelines when using a VPS. We recommend traders use private VPS services with a dedicated IP address. Sharing your VPS connection with others is completely prohibited, as it does not align with a fair and transparent trading environment. ​ Traders are allowed to use VPS services in conjunction with Trade-Taking Expert Advisors (EA), which are specifically designed to open and close trades automatically based on predefined market conditions. However, if the EA being used on the VPS does not execute trades (i.e., it is not a trade-taking EA), but instead only modifies trade parameters like Stop Loss (SL), Take Profit (TP), or calculates lot sizes, this constitutes a violation of redacted_account’s VPS usage policy in accordance with MetaQuotes guidelines. VPS usage for manual trading is strictly prohibited. Manual trading must be conducted directly through the trader's device without the use of a VPS. The use of VPS for "Account Management" services or "Group Trading" is strictly prohibited. In cases of irregularities detected among VPS users, our system may flag accounts and require them to provide additional information regarding VPS usage. Failure to provide accurate information may result in the denial of a redacted_account Account or Performance Reward. ​ Traders are prohibited from using any specialized VPS from MetaTrader that is sponsored by their broker. However, they can use the paid MetaTrader VPS as long as the VPS usage adheres to the existing VPS policies. ​ Traders are prohibited from using VPS with IP addresses from restricted countries. To view the restricted country list, please refer to the following link . ​ For any kind of Free or BOGO accounts , the "VPS & EA" add-on will not be included by default; however, a trader can choose to add this add-on by paying the additional usage fee , after which the selected add-on will be activated on the account. Compliance and Enforcement All VPN and VPS usage must strictly comply with redacted_account’s security, transparency, and jurisdictional policies as outlined above. If a trader uses a VPN or VPS in a manner that violates these guidelines, including but not limited to the use of restricted IP addresses, shared VPS infrastructure, broker-sponsored VPS services, manual trading via VPS, or attempts to conceal location or trading identity, the account may be subject to review. Where VPN or VPS usage is determined to be materially non-compliant with the established protocol, the account may be terminated in accordance with redacted_account’s Terms and policies. Any associated redacted_account Account issuance or Performance Reward processing may be suspended, adjusted, or declined if VPN or VPS usage is determined to be non-compliant with redacted_account’s policies. Related Articles What rules do I need to follow in the Stellar 2-Step Challenge? What Rules Do I Need to Follow in the Stellar Lite Challenge? What rules do I need to follow in the Stellar Instant Account? What rules do I need to follow in the Stellar 1-Step Challenge at redacted_account CFD? What rules do I need to follow in the Stellar 2-Step Challenge at redacted_account CFD? Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Table of contents
