redacted_account Trading Device and Network Policy | redacted_account Help Center Skip to main content Go to Website العربية Português do Brasil English Français Deutsch हिन्दी Italiano 日本語 fa-IR 简体中文 Español ภาษาไทย English Go to Website العربية Português do Brasil English Français Deutsch हिन्दी Italiano 日本語 fa-IR 简体中文 Español ภาษาไทย English Search for articles... All Collections Trading Rules & Guidelines redacted_account Trading Device and Network Policy redacted_account Trading Device and Network Policy April 8, 2026 At redacted_account, we are committed to maintaining the highest standards of security and fairness within our trading environment. To help you stay compliant and protect your account, please take a moment to review the following policies regarding device and network usage. Device Usage Guidelines All trading activities must be conducted using personal devices exclusively owned by the trader. Using a device that belongs to or is shared with another trader is strictly prohibited, regardless of your relationship with that individual. This includes family members, friends, or colleagues. Sharing devices or trading on someone else's device can compromise account security and violate redacted_account's integrity standards. Network Access Policy Traders may connect from any network—including home Wi-Fi, mobile data, or public internet—provided that: The IP address does not originate from a restricted country. If a VPN is used, it must also comply with our country-based IP restrictions. These measures are designed to: Protect the security of your trading account Ensure fair access and compliance across the platform Prevent misuse and maintain platform integrity Important Note on Restricted Countries redacted_account enforces strict country-based restrictions. If your IP address (even via a VPN) originates from one of these regions, it will be subject to action in accordance with our compliance guidelines. Please refer to the Restricted Countries List for more information. It is crucial to adhere to the guidelines when trading. If you violate any rule, you will receive an email from the concerned department. Please respond directly to that email with any explanations or details regarding the violation to ensure all communications are properly handled by the appropriate department. In summary, while you have the flexibility to use multiple personal devices and connect to various networks for trading, it is imperative to ensure that these devices are not shared with other traders and that connections via public networks or VPNs do not involve IP addresses from restricted countries. To view the list of restricted countries, please refer to the following link . NB: For the redacted_account Trading Competition, each participant is allowed to register only one account using a single email address, an IP address, and a single device. Here are the rules of redacted_account Trading Competition. Important Note: While redacted_account CFD products are available to clients residing in the United States, American Samoa, and Puerto Rico, please note that accessing MetaTrader 4 (MT4) or MetaTrader 5 (MT5) through USA-based IP addresses is not allowed due to MetaQuotes’ regional limitations . This restriction does not apply to Match-Trader accounts. To ensure uninterrupted access, traders should use a permitted network address or location. Related Articles Are any countries restricted on redacted_account CFDs? Can I use a VPN or VPS? What rules do I need to follow in the Stellar 1-Step Challenge at redacted_account CFD? What rules do I need to follow in the Stellar 2-Step Challenge at redacted_account CFD? What rules do I need to follow in the Stellar Lite Challenge at redacted_account CFD? Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃
