Are any countries restricted on redacted_account CFDs? | redacted_account Help Center Skip to main content Go to Website العربية Português do Brasil English Français Deutsch हिन्दी Italiano 日本語 fa-IR 简体中文 Español ภาษาไทย English Go to Website العربية Português do Brasil English Français Deutsch हिन्दी Italiano 日本語 fa-IR 简体中文 Español ภาษาไทย English Search for articles... All Collections Trading Rules & Guidelines Are any countries restricted on redacted_account CFDs? Are any countries restricted on redacted_account CFDs? April 8, 2026 Table of contents redacted_account values its diverse community of traders around the world. While its aim is to provide equal trading opportunities to individuals worldwide, due to certain constraints, redacted_account has decided to restrict access to its services for residents of certain countries. As of now, residents and citizens of Bangladesh, Myanmar, Belarus , North Korea, Syria, Grenada, Chad, Malaysia, Belize, Antigua and Barbuda, Cape Verde, Tuvalu, Vietnam, Bouvet Island, Burundi, Cook Islands, Eritrea, Comoros, Sri Lanka, and Fiji are not able to access redacted_account's trading platform. Enforcement of Jurisdictional Restrictions If a resident or citizen of any restricted country is identified as accessing or attempting to access redacted_account Services, the associated account will be terminated in accordance with redacted_account’s Terms and policies. Any attempt to bypass jurisdictional restrictions, including but not limited to the use of VPNs, proxy services, third-party identities, inaccurate declarations, or any method intended to conceal true residency or nationality, will result in immediate termination of the account. In such cases, access to all redacted_account Services will be permanently revoked. Please refer to the image below for information on the restricted countries: The decision to implement these restrictions is based on careful consideration of several factors. redacted_account's primary goal is to ensure an optimal trading experience for our global users, and this decision aligns with that objective. USA-Based IP Access Disclaimer for MetaQuotes Server Please note that, in line with regulatory requirements, MetaQuotes services are not available to clients located in the United States. Because MT4 and MT5 are unavailable, U.S. clients will not have access to our MT5-exclusive Free Trial Accounts, Free Monthly Competition Accounts, and Stellar Instant Account. Additionally, clients who are using a MetaQuotes server cannot use a USA-based IP address. ​ If a client utilizing a MetaQuotes server is identified as connecting through a USA-based IP address, a formal warning will be issued and the trader will be required to immediately discontinue such access. If the trader is subsequently found using a USA-based IP address after receiving a formal warning, the account will be terminated in accordance with redacted_account’s policies. Related Articles How can I Log in to MT5 Trading Terminal from the redacted_account Dashboard at redacted_account CFD? redacted_account Tradable Assets: What Can I Trade on redacted_account CFD Accounts? Which broker does redacted_account use? redacted_account Trading Device and Network Policy USA Client Guide at redacted_account CFD: Accounts, Platforms & Rewards Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Table of contents
